Add Pretranslation Monitoring spec (#2904)
mozilla/pontoon: specs/0114-pretranslation-monitoring.md

Since the feature is now ready for larger adoption, we'd like to automate the process of collecting the data about pretranslations and show it on the dashboards. That will allow PMs to see which locales struggle with the review performance, which projects are not a good fit for pretranslation, and to make decisions accordingly.

# Feature explanation

A new "Time to review pretranslations" chart is made available under the "Time to review suggestions" chart in the Team Insights page. It's a line chart displaying two separate data points over the last 12 months:
* *Current month*: Average age of pretranslations reviewed during the specific month.
* *12-month average*: Average age of pretranslations reviewed in the 12 months before the specific month.

**Text for infobox**: *How much time it takes on average to review a pretranslation.* The above bullet points should be added to the infobar to describe the plotted data points.

> A new "Pretranslation quality" chart is made available at the bottom of the (Team, Project and Project-Locale) Insights pages, presenting data for the period of the last 12 months. It is a combination of three charts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new "Pretranslation quality" chart is made available at the bottom of the (Team, Project and Localization pages) Insights pages, presenting data for the last 12 months. It is a combination of three charts:
```

That's called **Localization page** in our docs
https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/localizer-documentation/tools/pontoon/teams_projects.html

> 1. A column chart showing pretranslation review actions over time in a stack of two columns - approvals and rejections of pretranslations. Approvals and rejections performed by sync are excluded. New pretranslations are plotted in a separate column, which is hidden by default.

Reviewer: Why the hidden column?

Author: Because it doesn't have impact on the quality metrics (approval ratio and chrF++ score).

It's also consistent with New suggestions and New source strings in the Review/Translation activity panels.

1. A line chart showing the percentage of approved pretranslations over time.
1. A line chart showing the chrF++ score over time.

**Text for infobox**: *Approval rate and chrF++ score of pretranslations.*

For both charts:
- A tooltip showing the exact data at a given month appears when hovering over a chart.
- Detailed description of the chart appears after clicking on the info icon.
- Data is available for each day, but aggregated by month in the chart.
- A (daily) cron job gathers all the required data for plotting and stores it in the DB.
- A data migration is used for gathering past data.

Time to review suggestions and Age of unreviewed suggestions charts are split into separate panels in order to accomodate the new layout. Fore more details about the design, see the Mockup section.

# Out of scope

> Sending alerts (e.g. as weekly emails to the Pontoon Team mailing list) with a list of locales that fall behind the acceptance criteria are not covered by this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending alerts (e.g. as weekly emails to the Pontoon Team mailing list) with a list of locales that fall behind the acceptance criteria is not covered by this feature.
```
